Phase 1: Initial Setup and Research

    Project Setup:
        Environment: Set up development environments for both Rust and Python.
        Version Control: Initialize a Git repository with proper branching strategy for Rust and Python parts.
    Technology Stack Selection:
        Rust: For WebSocket server and any performance-critical components.
            Libraries like tokio for async runtime, warp or Tide for web services, and tokio-tungstenite or tokio-websocket for WebSocket functionality.
        Python: For data processing, RAG agent logic, and integration with other tools or services.
            Use solana-py for Solana interactions, FastAPI or Flask for REST endpoints, and libraries like langchain for RAG functionalities.
    Solana Node Setup:
        Decide if you'll use public Solana RPC nodes or set up your own node for more control and data access.


Phase 2: Core Services

    WebSocket Server (Rust):
        Design: Plan out the structure of your WebSocket server. Consider:
            Connection management.
            Subscription to Solana accounts for real-time updates.
            Broadcasting changes to connected clients or internal services.
        Implementation:
        rust

    use tokio;
    use warp::Filter;

    #[tokio::main]
    async fn main() {
        // Setup WebSocket server logic here
    }

Solana Data Client (Python):

    Design: Plan how to fetch data from Solana's RPC or WebSocket endpoints.
    Implementation:
    python

        from solana.rpc.api import Client

        solana_client = Client("SOLANA_RPC_URL")

        # Fetch wallet data or subscribe to account changes

    Database Integration:
        Choose: PostgreSQL for structured data storage.
        Schema: Design tables for wallets, transactions, and any other necessary entities.
        ORM: Use SQLAlchemy (Python) or diesel (Rust) for ORM functionality.


Phase 3: Data Processing and Analysis

    Data Processing (Python):
        Develop: Functions to process raw Solana data into useful insights or formats.
        Store: Implement logic to persist this data or insights into your database.
    RAG Agents (Python):
        Design: Define how agents will interact with live and historical data.
        Implementation: Use a library like langchain to create agents that can:
            Retrieve relevant data.
            Augment with current WebSocket data.
            Generate insights or decisions.


Phase 4: Frontend and API Layer

    REST API (Python):
        Endpoints: Design endpoints for data retrieval, agent interaction, etc.
        Implementation:
        python

        from fastapi import FastAPI

        app = FastAPI()

        @app.get("/wallet/{address}")
        async def get_wallet_info(address: str):
            # Fetch and return wallet info

    Frontend (If Applicable):
        Design: A simple web or application interface to interact with your service, if needed.


Phase 5: System Integration and Testing

    Integration:
        Communication: Set up how Rust and Python parts communicate (e.g., via REST, direct DB access, or message queue).
        Data Flow: Ensure data flows correctly from Solana through your services and back to clients or other systems.
    Testing:
        Unit Tests: For individual components in both languages.
        Integration Tests: Ensure the Rust WebSocket server and Python services work together seamlessly.


Phase 6: Deployment and Monitoring

    Deployment Strategy:
        Containerization: Use Docker for both Rust and Python services.
        Orchestration: Consider Kubernetes or simpler orchestration for scaling and management.
    Monitoring and Logging:
        Implement logging across services.
        Set up monitoring tools (e.g., Prometheus for metrics, Grafana for dashboards).


Phase 7: Continuous Improvement

    Feedback Loop:
        Collect feedback from usage, monitor system performance, and iterate on the design.
    Security Considerations:
        Implement security measures for all endpoints, especially those exposing blockchain data.


Getting Started

    Begin with Phase 1 to set up your development environment, choose your stack, and understand Solana's API.
    Move to Phase 2 where you'll build the core services, starting with the Rust WebSocket server because it's foundational for real-time features.


This plan allows you to gradually build your system, starting with the critical infrastructure and expanding into data processing, agent logic, and user interaction as you go along. Remember to keep your design flexible to adapt to changes or new requirements as they emerge during development.



